Docs fixes (#7845)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/reference/sdks/index.md

import VideoContent from '@site/src/components/VideoContent.jsx'

> To connect your application to Unleash you need a client SDK (software development kit) for your programming language and an [API token](../how-to/how-to-create-api-tokens). The SDK handles connecting to the Unleash server instance and retrieving feature flags based on your configuration. All versions of Unleash (OSS, Pro, and Enterprise) use the same client SDKs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect your application to Unleash you need a [client SDK](#official-sdks) for your programming language and an [API token](../how-to/how-to-create-api-tokens). The SDK handles connecting to the Unleash server instance and retrieving feature flags based on your configuration. All versions of Unleash (OSS, Pro, and Enterprise) use the same client SDKs.
```
